Machine learning docs 10.15 (#582)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/machine-learning/web-app-mlw-bundle/jupyter-integrated.md

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
The Jupyter Notebook environment currently supports Python 3 kernel.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

<a name="Jupyter-Enterprise-Gateway-and-MLW-library"></a>
### Jupyter Enterprise Gateway and MLW library

> Jupyter Enterprise Gateway is now integrated to use with MLW. To use JEG, credentials needs to be entered first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jupyter Enterprise Gateway (JEG) is now integrated to use with MLW. To use JEG, credentials needs to be entered first.

```

> Click on **Settings** in the navigator, switch to JEG tab and enter the JEG credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **Settings** in the navigator, switch to the **JEG** tab and enter the JEG credentials.

```

![JEG Setting](/images/zementis/mlw-app-jeg-settings-page.png)

> Once JEG credentials are set, all previously active NB instances are killed. While opening any notebook desired JEG kernel needs to be selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the JEG credentials are set, all previously active NB instances are killed. While opening any notebook the desired JEG kernel must be selected.

```

![JEG Kernels](/images/zementis/mlw-app-jeg-kernels.png)

> A new library **mlw-sdk** has been developed to help move files between MLW & JEG. The sample code snippets for this library is available to be used readily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new library **mlw-sdk** has been developed to help move files between MLW & JEG. The sample code snippets for this library are available to be used readily.

```

> To open the code snippets panel, click on the code snippets icon <img src="/images/zementis/mlw-sdk-code-snippets-icon.png" alt="Code Snippets" style="display:inline-block; margin:0"> at the end of jupyter notebook tool bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To open the code snippets panel, click on the code snippets icon <img src="/images/zementis/mlw-sdk-code-snippets-icon.png" alt="Code Snippets" style="display:inline-block; margin:0"> at the end of the Jupyter Notebook tool bar.

```

> Choose the desired code snippet from this panel & click on **insert** option to populate the code in jupter notebook cells.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the desired code snippet from this panel & click the **insert** option to populate the code in Jupiter Notebook cells.

```

![MLW SDK Code Snippets](/images/zementis/mlw-sdk-code-snippets-panel.png)

<a name="Assets-grouping-and-deletion"></a>
### Assets grouping and deletion

> Jupyter NB instances are grouped separately for each projects. To see Jupyter instance associated with a project click **Assets** in the navigator, and then choose the project to see all its active notebook instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jupyter NB instances are grouped separately for each projects. To see the Jupyter instance associated with a project click **Assets** in the navigator, and then select the project to see all its active notebook instances.

```
